Sister Jian Dao,
I'm at the office door
But I don’t have the password
Try 880604
It’s Zhang Wen Xu’s birthday
Wait a minute
Do you see a green plant in his office?
Yes
Why?
What’s wrong?
There’s a small camera behind the plant
Cover it up
Zhang Wen Xu’s computer has a password,
I don’t know it either
How about
you try his birthday again
I tried, but his birthday
isn’t it
Is there any other
important date for him?
How about your child’s birthday?
Our daughter's birthday
is 020819
Still not it
Is there another date?
Let me think again
Didn’t you say
that for Wen Xu, the most important thing to him
is himself and his own interests?
Does that matter?
Try 990324
That’s the day after he took over the company
the day the company went public